Updating read-only licenses (#7088)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/about-access.md

There are three license types in dbt Cloud:

- **Developer** &mdash; User can be granted _any_ permissions.

> - **Read-Only** &mdash; User has read-only permissions applied to all dbt Cloud resources regardless of the role-based permissions that the user is assigned. _Read-only licenced users do not inherit rights from any permisson sets_. Every read-only access across the account regardless of the group permissions assigned.

Reviewer: Hiya @matthewshaver 

This reads a little funny to me "Every read-only access across the account regardless of the group permissions assigned." Is there a word missing?

Kind Regards
Natalie

Author: Yup! Good catch

> - **Read-Only** &mdash; User has read-only permissions applied to all dbt Cloud resources regardless of the role-based permissions that the user is assigned. _Read-only licenced users do not inherit rights from any permisson sets_. Every read-only access across the account regardless of the group permissions assigned.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Read-Only** &mdash; User has read-only permissions applied to all dbt Cloud resources regardless of the role-based permissions that the user is assigned. _Read-only licensed users do not inherit rights from any permission sets_. Every read-only licensed user has the same access across the account, regardless of the group permissions assigned.
```
